Account Deletion Process for "Midnight Hunters"

At "Midnight Hunters," we value your privacy and control over your data. If you decide that you no longer wish to use our app and would like your account to be deleted, please follow these steps:

Submitting a Deletion Request:

Send an email to our support team at soporte@orangedots.com.mx.
Include your "Midnight Hunters" username in the body of the email.
Use "Account Deletion Request" as the subject of your email for quick identification and processing.
Deletion Process:

Upon receiving your request, we will proceed to delete your account.
Account deletion will be carried out within 24 business hours, according to the Mexico Time Zone (GMT-6/GMT-5 DST).
Confirmation of Deletion:

You will receive a confirmation email once your account has been successfully deleted.
Data Deleted:

When deleting your account, all associated data, including your username and any other information stored in our database, will be permanently removed.
Please be aware that this action is irreversible.
Data Retained:

For legal and compliance reasons, some data, such as transaction records (if any), may be retained for an additional period as required by applicable laws.
By requesting the deletion of your account, you understand and agree that you will not be able to access "Midnight Hunters" with your deleted account and that any progress or data stored in the app will be permanently lost.

For any further questions or inquiries, please do not hesitate to contact our support team.

---------------------------

En Orange Dots, valoramos su privacidad y control sobre sus datos. Si decide que ya no desea utilizar nuestra aplicación "Midnight Hunters" y desea que su cuenta sea eliminada,
 por favor siga los siguientes pasos:

Envío de la Solicitud de Eliminación:

Envíe un correo electrónico a nuestro equipo de soporte en soporte@orangedots.com.mx.
Incluya su nombre de usuario en "Midnight Hunters" en el cuerpo del correo.
Utilice "Solicitud de Eliminación de Cuenta" como asunto del correo para una rápida identificación y procesamiento.
Proceso de Eliminación:

Una vez recibida su solicitud, procederemos a eliminar su cuenta.
La eliminación de la cuenta se realizará dentro de 24 horas hábiles, según la zona horaria de México (GMT-6/GMT-5 DST).
Confirmación de Eliminación:

Recibirá un correo electrónico de confirmación una vez que su cuenta haya sido eliminada exitosamente.
Datos Eliminados:

Al eliminar su cuenta, todos los datos asociados, incluyendo su nombre de usuario y cualquier otra información guardada en nuestra base de datos, serán permanentemente eliminados.
Tenga en cuenta que esta acción es irreversible.
Datos Conservados:

Por motivos legales y de cumplimiento, algunos datos, como registros de transacciones (en caso de haberlos), pueden ser conservados por un periodo adicional según lo requieran las leyes aplicables.
Al solicitar la eliminación de su cuenta, usted entiende y acepta que no podrá acceder a "Midnight Hunters" con su cuenta eliminada y que cualquier progreso o datos almacenados en la aplicación se perderán permanentemente.

Para cualquier duda o consulta adicional, no dude en contactar a nuestro equipo de soporte.
